well clean it up up here
three seconds till the turn
very our Czech 0-5 contact Oakland
Center one three four point four five
that's all like there's three pop star
checking at you for Joe to do some food
properly psych center still 50 60 feet
up here very strong I still said 50
go
that is correct that is contact
you missed some bottom awesome or in the
Russian contact 0.134 awaiting for 5:30
$45 2406 alright
every thought of pilots is back on clear
contact when ready I to disconnect Julie
I tooth this guy that's 47 47
sensational one through eight point five
five to quickly break one two eight five
five expertise exploit at Southwest 35
64 can attack sites and a one through
eight point five five five five 43:59
private requests for two zero zero
direct low block just go to to want for
now and will